How do we actually get this
moon to orbit around the Earth.
And so to do that, we're gonna introduce
the concept of grouping and hierarchy.
And so right now everything is just
being placed into the scene, and so
if we wanted to rotate this
moon around the Earth.
What we actually want to do is
place this moon into an anchor
sort of an empty object and
then we're gonna rotate that object and
that way it can actually
orbit around the Earth.
And so to do that, I'm gonna scroll up,
we're gonna go to where
the moon mesh is defined.
And just above that, we're gonna
create a new object called moonGroup,
we're gonna say moonGroup
= to new THREE.Group.
And so THREE.Group is a way of parenting
objects just like we
would with divs in HTML.
If we wanted to create a parent we can use
a div, but in three js, we use .Group.
So now we add the MoonMesh,
instead of adding to the scene we added
to the group, and so now you're not
gonna see it anymore because
the moonGroup is not added to the scene.
So then we're gonna say scene.addmoonGroup
to make sure that it's actually visible
in the the scene.
And so if you've done all that
it's gonna look just the same,
and that's because we haven't
actually rotated our moonGroup.
So now what we can do, because we've
got our moon inside of this anchor,
we can just rotate the anchor and the moon
should just rotate around our earth.
So you've to say,
moonGroup.rotation.y=time.
And now all of a sudden
we've got this orbit,
maybe it's too fast,
you can work with the speed there.
So this is kind of if
we go to these demos,
this is pretty much the first three demos.
We have, creating mesh,
we are creating multiple meshes and
we have created groups, you can always
go back to these for reference.
These are not using any sort of require
statements or anything like that,
cuz it's all running in glitch, but it's
ultimately the same kind of concepts here.